Yeah.
That's not possible.
This is definitely not something I'm angry about
Ah, I see.
What do you know?
This bug is prepared in advance by you
You pretend to treat me
And then you take this out.
Just to convince me if I'm right
Hey what?
Are you speechless?
Mm, you win.
I seem to have something I haven't said just now. What?
Not a big deal
Except for this bug on my hand
There are at least dozens more in your heart
Pardon me?
Would I lie to you?
Xiaofan, I apologize to you for Zicheng
Is what you said true?
Nature is real
Because it is inconvenient to observe him directly with your eyes
So I mistakenly thought
There is only one bug in his body
But when I took this worm out
But woke up the other bugs in his body and
And what?
This should be ancient, no doubt
What is Gu Chao?
An artificially bred venomous insect
It is to transfer dozens of powerful poisonous insects
In a secret melting pot
Let them shovel each other's shit
The last one who survived
Jane called it enough.
Stop talking nonsense
Zhao Yue, you go out first
See how I teach him a lesson
What's your situation?
Dad save me